Update PR checklist and readme (#87)
ai2cm/pace: .github/pull_request_template.md

- [ ] You have followed the coding standards guidelines established at [Code Review Checklist](https://paper.dropbox.com/doc/Code-Review-Checklist--BD7zigBMAhMZAPkeNENeuU2UAg-IlsYffZgTwyKEylty7NhY).
- [ ] Docstrings and type hints are added to new and updated routines, as appropriate
- [ ] All relevant documentation has been updated or added (e.g. README, CONTRIBUTING docs)

> - [ ] For major changes and fixes in `pace-util`, HISTORY has been updated

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] For each public change and fix in `pace-util`, HISTORY has been updated
```
